Hey!

These are the files I've written so far. I started from this website:
http://aok.heavengames.com/cgi-bin/forums/display.cgi?action=ct&f=26,29,,30

Make sure that you extract the zip in the AI folder in the AOE2 folder. My AI
is written for the expansion (the conquerers), so you'll need both the origin
one (age of kings) and the expansion. You still can play with age of kings by
deleting not-working parts in the files, but this would destroy my AI's rules
and it could not follow how I really wanted, so I don't suggest this. I don't
know whether it works in the latest version (the HD edition that came up last
year), but I think it should. 

Once you extracted the files in the right place, open the game and create a
game, there you should see my AI's name (it's Deniz - AI 1.2) in selecting
computer and player. You can choose any land-map (that computers don't build
warships, as I haven't written the code for those yet), but if you want to see
the best performance, select the map as "Mongolia". It should be a standard
game (not death match, scenario, and other stuff) and start with standard
resource and in dark age, the victory should be conquest, choose the
difficulty hard (not hardest).  After you've chosen my AI, you can choose any
nation, some are good and some are bad, but usually they are better than
regular computers.  After all of these, start the game, if you don't get an
error at the beginning of the game AND if my AI says (whether it is your
friend or enemy) "I AM [nation name]", it means that my AI is working at that
game

You can create a game in many different ways. You can watch my AI (or all the
countries as putting them into one team) by putting AI into your place (the
first place while creating the game) and this way you can follow the resources
as well (I didn't put any cheating as it is possible to put some, I like my
games to be fair ;) ). Or if you can make a game 1 vs 1, or 2 vs 2 or etc
including yourself or regular computers. WARNING: If you want to play against
my AI, changing the difficulty has little effect (see extra information) and
it is more powerful than a regular computer. But if you think you are a badass
in this game, you're very welcome for the challenge ;)

Extra Information:
These things are valid for both my AI and regular computers as they designed
the game like that
1) If AI plays in the difficulty moderate or easier, they won't attack their enemies'
villagers
2) If AI plays in the difficulty hardest, at the beginning of the game they
get 500 extra wood, food, gold and stone and every 20 minutes in the game,
they 500 extra wood, food, gold and stone from nowhere (cheating stuff).

Needless to say, if you need any help, ask me and to improve my AI, I would
love to hear some feedback ;)

- Deniz
